Add CLI specs (#4362)
microsoft/fast: specs/cli/cli.md

> # FAST CLI (WIP)

Reviewer: I would expect this to be more of a Proposed Issue, rather than a PR or expect this to be included as part of the implementation PR.

## Overview
FAST CLI is a set of tools used for creating, building and developing FAST projects.

FAST CLI will have an independent code base and will be packaged and installable on any operating system.

## Use Cases
- A user can use FAST CLI to generate a new FAST design system project with a single command.
- A user can generate a new component file structure in FAST using a single command in FAST CLI

## Features
- Project generator based on given name string
- Component generator

> - Cross-platform

Reviewer: For improved developer efficiency, I'd prefer to not require installing additional dependencies to reach cross-platform capability.

- Context awareness. Detects whether the current directory contains the appropriate FAST dependency.

## Prior Art/Examples
- [Aurelia CLI](https://aurelia.io/docs/cli/basics/)
- [Stencil CLI](https://stenciljs.com/docs/cli)
- [Open Web Components](https://open-wc.org/docs/development/generator/)
- [Angular CLI](https://cli.angular.io/)

## API

### Commands

**Usage**:
```

> $ fast [command] [arg-2] [--flag-1] [--flag-2]

Reviewer: When using long arguments `--flag`, it's also common to include the short equivalent `-f`

Author: I think this should be handled on a case by case basis. I've notice a lot CLI tools going away from over-aliasing and reserving them only for frequently used flags. I can still update the spec to reflect an alias option, though.

 ```
## Commands

| Name                             | Command    | Description                                                  | Spec                 | Built   |
|----------------------------------|------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------|---------|
|[Generate](./commands/generate.md)| `generate` | Generates a new component                                    | :white_check_mark:   | --      |
|[New](./commands/new.md)          | `new`      | Generates a new FAST project                                 | :white_check_mark:   | --      |

**Flags**:
- `--help`

## Next Steps

> ### Features Under Consideration

Reviewer: It would be great before rolling this out, to first bring FAST package.json of existing packages into conformance with the proposed CLI commands to bring consistency and to use for setting an example.

# FAST CLI (WIP)

## Overview
FAST CLI is a set of tools used for creating, building and developing FAST projects.

> FAST CLI will have an independent code base and will be packaged and installable on any .

Reviewer 2: This sentence doesn't look finished, "platform"?

## Use Cases

> - A Front-End Engineer can use FAST CLI to generate a new FAST design system project with a single command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A user can use FAST CLI to generate a new FAST design system project with a single command.
```

"Front-End Engineer" seems un-necessarily specific and narrow to me, any reason this can't just be "user"?

> - A Front-End Engineer can generate a new component file structure in FAST using a single command in FAST CLI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A user can generate a new component file structure in FAST using a single command in FAST CLI
```

## Features
- Project generator based on given name string
- Component generator

> - Server controls

Reviewer 2: It's unclear to me what "Server controls" means, could you clarify?

- [Angular CLI](https://cli.angular.io/)

## API

### Commands

**Usage**:
```
$ fast [command] [arg-2] [--flag-1] [--flag-2]
 ```
## Commands

| Name                 | Command    | Description                                                  | Spec                 | Built   |
|----------------------|------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------|---------|
|[Generate](./commands/generate.md)| `generate` | Generates a new component                                    | :white_check_mark:   | --      |
|[New](./commands/new.md)          | `new`      | Generates a new FAST project                                 | :white_check_mark:   | --      |

**Flags**:
- `--help`

## Next Steps

### Features Under Consideration

| Name                 | Command    | Description                                                  | Spec                 | Built   |
|----------------------|------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------|---------|
|Build             | `build`    | Bundles all project files                                    | --                   | --      |

> |Publish]           | `publish`  | Bundles the complete design system into an NPM package       | --                   | --      |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Publish           | `publish`  | Bundles the complete design system into an NPM package       | --                   | --      |
```
